some notes:
need a link to my calender for the book a call with me button.

need to attach the number, name, website, etc next to every tesimoial vid or pic
(done)

need a good precall vid and a good headline next to it, both should explain my offer(free trial), in the precall video in between the slides
go out on the web and share my vsl, and tell them to go to the part where they see our partners where they can find the info for my clients
  and search their business name and tell them to do so and call the numbers and check their credability
show maddy selfie(tell them to check his video testimonial, check his website, and include the google reviews part about maddy saying we will help with that)
,emir,geraldo,ben and refrence their info

instead of the part of articles it will be for the businesses info(will be called "our partners" in the headline) and i will add their logo
name,phone,website,business name, etc

isntead of the articles page i will fill that page with all my clients info, and aslo on the main page will put some of the clients info
(edit no need for this)
 
i should add faq and answer:
Question 1: How does it work?

Question 2: How much does it cost?

Question 3: Who are you working with?

Question 4: Why should we go with you?

---
***will sleep now, the remaining parts to edit are:
will update the testimonial part after i do maddy clip farming and get his testimonial.(but thats for later)
will add the faq
will add the killer precall vid.
-----
draft:
How we help contractors add 200K+ in 6 months on autopilot—without cold calling, chasing referrals, or wasting time on unqualified leads.

Watch now - Client Interview: 
Ben Wilson from NC closed $15,550 in his first week inside the program and has already multiplied his initial investment.

''I closed a $13,500 job on my first appointment''
Emir Osmanovic - Zaim Roofing

"I closed 2 jobs in the first week"
James from Construction Works
"I get 1 appointment every single day"
Gerardo from 1Knox Construction
You are the only one who actually made me money"
Jose from Rosas Pro Roof
The amount of leads is excellent"
Michael from Roof Runners
In the last 20 minutes I got 2 appointments"
Thomas from MP Tenn Construction


--
James
"I closed 2 jobs in the first week"

James from Roofing Works
**leather jacket guy


Gary
In my first week I closed 3 jobs !

TRIED EVERY LEAD GEN BS
red shirt guy


Robert
The first month I made 4 times back what I put in"

Robert - Able Contractors
guy on the coach

Jason
"The only time someone actually generated revenue for me."

Jason - Mexican Roofing
fat guy
